Hi Somi, There are two economic issues I care deeply about to the point of willing to commit acts of violence to get them changed. First is a drastic increase in gift/inheritance tax and secondly is an increase in housing. 

Imagine how different life is, if you and your whole family never had to care about money. All the stress of finding a good carreer, studying. The dread of working 9-5, all the money issues in your family and constant work related anxiety would not just be gone. They would never have existed. You could enjoy the products of other humans that worked to produce it without giving any effort in return. Average people must seem like slaves for those who have experienced nothing but total financial freedom in their lives. I have 0 problems with the once that have earned unspeakable amounts of money. If Gates wants to buy a private plane good for him. He earned it. I have a problem with the onces that live of generational wealth without contributing to society. They did not contribute anything, to live with such a level of freedom only because you wore pushed out of the right vag is insane.

The fact that taxes for inheritiances are lower than FKING INCOME is maddening. A teenager spending his whole summer working for his parents farm is taxed at a higher rate then if the parents just give them the money without him working. This is not even something with economic utility. There is a vertually no increase in productivity due to inheritance. The ones that say they are saving their wealth for their children are lying. If you tell them your children will get nothing, those saving will not suddenly live  paycheck-to-paycheck. They are just the type to feel more comfortable with a large nest egg and are natural savers. Another easy test is to ask them to give up 50% of their wealth to their children right know as they can more effectivly use is when they are young adults. Go sell your house grandma and rent an apartment and give use the wealth if you actually are saving this for us and not just for yourself. Matter of fact I will go to the hospital right know and tell them I am eating healthy and building my body for those sick children. They need organs and I am saving mines for them. They can't touch me or take any part of me right know. But when I am dead, my hard work of building muscles and not doing any drugs will be worth it. As I am giving up so much at a point I literaly no choice but to give it up to someone.



I can sympathise with anyone that thinks that wealth tax and income tax are to high. Honestly I would rather have 0% tax rate for all earned income and wealth and 100% on unearned income then what we currently have. So many dumb arguments are used like "I already paid my tax, why should I be taxed again?" these braindeads do not take 10 seconds to thnk it trough. Even my friends made those arguments. The one giving is not being taxed, the RECIPIENT is. In every other case it is understood. Can a company owner say that the employees should not paying income tax because he already has paid some buisness tax? Ofcourse not. Can I tell the grocerty store I shouldnt be paying VAT taxes a I already paid income taxes, and my boss payed company city taxes? Each new transaction between entities is taxed according to tax codes that should strike a balance between economic harm caused by taxation and sociatal view of fairness. It is horrific that inheritance is not subject to the same socialital tabaoo that other kinds of nepotism is. 
 
Anyway, I actually planned to write about housing and my plan to use terrorism to lower the house prices but I ranted again about inheritance tax. I can sense you rolling your eyes at me. But tomorrow I will discuss housing no inheritance talk, promise. Even though they are closely linked but I will leave that link for another day. Goodnight Somi.



