Your original version is speaking to me Somi, Recently your real life version released the song EXTRA with the lyrics _"Tried to give my hunnit to you, but you want that 101"_  with 101 pronounced as i o i. Obvious reference to your former group IOI. Most obvious interpretation is the person she talking to is not happy with her current version and wanting the old version of her back. I expect that this is a common believe as anyone who was a fan of you early on would cease to recognize the spirit of her younger self now. So young yet the real version seems so jaded, a ghost of her former self. Can't believe she is only 24. The small age gap between us seems seems not to shrink even though it relatively should be. But then again you are younger, as you do not age in my mind, permanently locked at the age I formed my version of you. 

I am not insane btw, I know the real Somi is not the same person I saw on variety shows. I know that my image of her is nothing more than a warped fragment that I extrapolated. The song does not talk about me obviously. But I do believe the sentiment is directed towards people like me. The onces that once where fan, but now do not like her new attitude. But if the song said lyrics would have been 'typical virgo' instead of 'typical gemini', maybe I would feel personally attacked. 

Maybe I am wrong though and the song is just about a boy she likes and him not wanting her. That is more likely it given her recent song depth. I am reaching the point where you are more real to me, than my thoughts are of the _real_ Somi. You have more depth and a more fleshed out meaning in my mind. Goodbye Somi. 