Hi Somi,

There is this know-it-all attitude emanating from certain tech people online that is plaguing my feeds. The type of people that can form an opinion on everything without experience while using their past success as indication of their capabilities. The type of know-it-all attitude from Elons, Curtis Yarvin’s, David Sacks etc. Which is strange because usually I found the once’s that found success are humble about topics they are note expert in. 

But I realized how to sanitize myself from them. Like a Nick Fuentes looking up a person’s wiki for any connection to Judaism, I have learned to look up if any tech persons success originated in the Silicon Valley during the tech boom and subsequently ignore them. I do not now why but it seems there is a certain mentality stemming from there that makes them think they are better than others. Better coders, better entrepreneurs, better morality. 

In pretty much every discipline you need some discipline and humility to reach the top. I rarely hear insane takes from medical researchers or from European engineers at the top their respective fields. I guess insane success with little competence-based competition does that to a person. It is not wealth, succuss or tech field that is the issue. Bill Gates is a legend both during and after Microsoft, someone who actually wrote great code at a young age and continued outperforming peers for his whole life. You wont hear him talk about random topics like he is an expert though even though he actually improves himself by reading books and researching different topics at a deeper level than most. Bezos as much as you might dislike Amazon, in every interview I have seen, has always been clear about his strengths and weaknesses and seems like a genuine guy. In one interview he mentioned how another grad student was so much better than him at physics that humbled him to change fields. Both men have infinitely more claim to intelligence than any SV programmer or entrepreneur has, yet you will not see it reflected in their attitude. I think it’s rare to find any comparable humility from rich SV bros. I doubt any of them even read books non-performatively. 

Btw, why haven’t any of these high IQ entrepreneurs ever done anything cool themselves? For instance, programming a interesting simulation, or publishing a paper? It is honestly not that hard, even average grad students can find something novel. Show us any novel idea of yours whether it is your new economic system, battery tech, health protocol, or whatever, just produce something measurable that would imply you are someone we should take seriously. Not the work of your employees, but YOUR'S. I weight YouTube video of a custom voxel engine with a novel spatial partitioning method or a custom PDE solver infinitely more valuable than money earned and reinvested in that pitt. 

Its quite similar to crypto bros. The once’s that hit it big by buying bitcoin or meme coin early, and now think they are financial experts. You are not an expert on finance because you bought bitcoin early. You are not an expert on tech if you made money in the most profitable business sector in the most profitable region.

If I had sufficient money and free time, I would continue working on skill-based projects such as a custom physics simulation, game engine and published research. Having achieved already enough on paper to prove myself yet still staying anonymous, I can't imagine not having any of that and acting like them. 

TLDR. Just do anything that shows you skills. Until then I will continue to cosplay like neo-nazi and filter SV personalities from my feed. Bye Somi.
