Hi Somi, I hate low frame rates in media. It makes everything looks janky. I have smoothing interpolation turned on my tv and use SVP to interpolate my media consumption whenever I can. Low frame rate fans point to 'into the spiderverse' as their consistent example to justify having low frame rate in the remaining 99%. They want low frame rates for all media to make it look in line with prior good media, like photographers that think everything in black and white is suddenly artistic. I hope that any sane person realizes that dialog scenes that make up the bulk of media are better in high frame rate. Animations are a bit different.

I will grant that some animations make strategic use of frame rate. Still, the people who will talk about holding frames and animating on 2's should at least grant me that low fps panning of backgrounds is unacceptable. It is not artistic, it is just jarring and bad use of low frame rates. It does not decrease cost, all the information is already there, I can even manually stitch it together and get a smooth panning. At least use 60fps on the backgrounds, please it is so jarring once you get used to high frame rates.

On my second re watch of attack on titan I used AI interpolation and it was magnificent. Modern interpolation perfectly interpolate the background without distorting the animations. Foregrounds hand drawn poses are rarely interpolated while backgrounds that tend to be simulated anyways like crowds, hairs and cloths are perfectly interpolated. Watching Levi flying around in the city with the interplay between high frame rate background movements and crisp foreground animations is like your favorite spiderverse scene. You miss so much in the original in these high paced scenes. This shouldn't even be a controversial use, as later seasons literally 3D rendered the environment including the city and titans, we are not changing the artists hand drawn frames, just removing the 24fps limit to something smooth. But you are adding fake information!! I much rather have the original rendered at 60fps then having to use AI interpolation but these SOAP OPERA EFFECT!!! freaks make it impossible for me to do so.

There should be a word for the opposite of soap opera effect. Something that describes the obsessive hatred people have for high frame rates just because they are where forced to consume media with this low quality filter their whole life. Something that encapsulate their inability to see the details given by intermediate frames, putting them in the same group as those who think that 2010 480p youtube compression is the what makes online videos good. Ratelimited? Retarded? idk.     

