Dear Somi,

Why are all media so self obsessed? So many movies are built around someone wanting to be an actor, writer or moviemaker as if that is a standard career direction. Even shows that have nothing to do with cinema make their characters know every movie. Like in *Suits* where the lawyers work 24/7 but somehow make constant movie references and quoting whole dialog trees. I have seen multiple shows where characters discuss their favorite movie directors, as if that that is a common conversation topic people have. One of my favorite books series, the tree body problem has their final book revolve around someone writing a fairytale and how the details of that story will determine the future of humanity. Even flatly stating how written stories are somehow a step above all other media. Broadway show Hamilton has a main character obsessed with writing and how his words will be received. Many lines seem more directed towards screenwriters then the general audience. Indie games often end up making a game where users program something in a simple visual manner (makes for great games). The most popular Korean manghwa *Omniscient Readers Viewpoint* is about someone who gets stuck in the manghwa he has read and how his manghwa reading abalities makes hem overpowered. Why can't they make good movies about someone wanting to be a mechanical engineer? or a good book where no one in the story is a reader?

Today I started reading a old book which starts by some god-like creatures discussing how human story writing is the most central aspect of existence and felt this feeling of cringe again. Luckily this trope is something both great and terrible artists do. Many of my favorite media uses this trope but it's still cringe. In some sense me writing about you, to you is a special type of media recursion. Good afternoon Somi.
